readme.md, before:

# Hospital Project 

## Booking Appointment Feature (Franck Cheuzem)

This feature enable a Patient to book an appointment with a Physician and Vice Versa.


### MVP functionalities

- [x] CRUD completed for the appointments table. Can create, read, update, and delete records in the table
 through views.
- [x] validation of  date and time requested for an appointment
- [x] Adding of Admin , Patient and Physician privileges
- [ ] Styling of the pages
- [x] Assign a user role to users through the user registeration form as well as firstname, lastname and username.
- [x] Allow logged in users to view their profile  
## Extra features

- [x] pagination for the list of appointments.
- [x] refine list of appointments.
- [x] use the javascript libary [flatpickr](https://flatpickr.js.org/) to select date and time requested for an appointment.

## Alexis Arevalo:

### FAQ Feature:

- [x] Users Can see all the data that is retrieved from the database.
- [x] Users Are able to search for data that matches the input by Question or Answer.
- [x] Admin Can see all the data that is retrieved from the database.
- [x] Admin Are able to search for data that matches the input by Question or Answer.
- [x] Admin Can Add new data into the database.
- [x] Admin Can View the details about the specific data.
- [x] Admin Can Edit new data into the database.
- [x] Admin Can Delete data from the database.

### Category Feature:

- [ ] Users Can see all the data that is retrieved from the database.
- [ ] Users Are able to search for data that matches the input by Category.
- [ ] Can see all the data that is retrieved from the database.
- [ ] Are able to search for data that matches the input by Category.
- [ ] Can Add new data into the database.
- [ ] Can View the details about the specific data.
- [ ] Can Edit new data into the database.
- [ ] Can Delete data from the database.

### NewsItem(Journey Gault):

- [x] Can see all the data that is retrieved from the database.
- [x] Basic Crud
- [ ] Image upload
- [ ] User Id functioning as forign key


### Events(Journey Gault):

- [x] Can see all the data that is retrieved from the database.
- [x] Basic Crud
- [ ] Image upload
- [ ] User Id functioning as forign key

## Adam Galek

### Ticket Feature:

#### Basic Crud
- [x] Users can create on the Ticket table
- [x] Users can read on the Ticket table
- [x] Users can update on the Ticket table
- [x] Users can delete on the Ticket table

#### Qualitative
- [ ] Pages are styled and responsive
- [ ] Code is commented

#### To Add
- [ ] Different Priviledges for admins and users for Tickets


## Nisarg Chauhan

### Job Posting
- [x] Admins can create a job post
- [x] Admins can read a job post
- [x] Admins can update a job post
- [x] Admins can delete a job post
- [ ] Department ID as foreign key
- [ ] Style the page

### Department
- [x] Admins can create a department
- [x] Admins can read department details
- [x] Admins can update department details
- [x] Admins can delete a department
- [ ] Style the page

## Steven Le

### Review Feature
- [x] User can see reviews
- [x] User can create a review
- [x] User can update review
- [x] User can delete a review
- [ ] Styling

To do:
- [] Change permissions so that only admin can delete a review

Commit message:

appointments code styling plus user profile code

readme.md, after:

# Hospital Project 

## Booking Appointment Feature (Franck Cheuzem)

This feature enable a Patient to book an appointment with a Physician and Vice Versa.


### MVP functionalities

- [x] CRUD completed for the appointments table. Can create, read, update, and delete records in the table
 through views.
 
 ![image of list of appointments](https://github.com/Journeygault/passion-project/blob/main/imgs/list_appointments.jpg)

![image of appointment details](https://github.com/Journeygault/passion-project/blob/main/imgs/details_appointment.jpg)

![image of appointment creation](https://github.com/Journeygault/passion-project/blob/main/imgs/create_appointment.jpg)

![image of appointment edition](https://github.com/Journeygault/passion-project/blob/main/imgs/edit_appointment.jpg)

![image of appointment deletion](https://github.com/Journeygault/passion-project/blob/main/imgs/delete_appointment.jpg)
 
- [x] validation of  date and time requested for an appointment
- [x] Adding of Admin , Patient and Physician privileges
- [x] Styling of the pages
- [x] form validation
- [x] Assign a user role to users through the user registeration form as well as firstname, lastname and username.
![image of user registration form](https://github.com/Journeygault/passion-project/blob/main/imgs/user_registration.jpg)
- [x] Allow logged in users to view their profile 
![image of appointment deletion](https://github.com/Journeygault/passion-project/blob/main/imgs/user_profile.jpg)


## Extra features
- [x] pagination for the list of appointments.
- [x] refine list of appointments.
- [x] use the javascript libary [flatpickr](https://flatpickr.js.org/) to select date and time requested for an appointment.
![image of appointment deletion](https://github.com/Journeygault/passion-project/blob/main/imgs/calendar_appointment.jpg)
## Alexis Arevalo:

### FAQ Feature:

- [x] Users Can see all the data that is retrieved from the database.
- [x] Users Are able to search for data that matches the input by Question or Answer.
- [x] Admin Can see all the data that is retrieved from the database.
- [x] Admin Are able to search for data that matches the input by Question or Answer.
- [x] Admin Can Add new data into the database.
- [x] Admin Can View the details about the specific data.
- [x] Admin Can Edit new data into the database.
- [x] Admin Can Delete data from the database.

### Category Feature:

- [ ] Users Can see all the data that is retrieved from the database.
- [ ] Users Are able to search for data that matches the input by Category.
- [ ] Can see all the data that is retrieved from the database.
- [ ] Are able to search for data that matches the input by Category.
- [ ] Can Add new data into the database.
- [ ] Can View the details about the specific data.
- [ ] Can Edit new data into the database.
- [ ] Can Delete data from the database.

### NewsItem(Journey Gault):

- [x] Can see all the data that is retrieved from the database.
- [x] Basic Crud
- [ ] Image upload
- [ ] User Id functioning as forign key


### Events(Journey Gault):

- [x] Can see all the data that is retrieved from the database.
- [x] Basic Crud
- [ ] Image upload
- [ ] User Id functioning as forign key

## Adam Galek

### Ticket Feature:

#### Basic Crud
- [x] Users can create on the Ticket table
- [x] Users can read on the Ticket table
- [x] Users can update on the Ticket table
- [x] Users can delete on the Ticket table

#### Qualitative
- [ ] Pages are styled and responsive
- [ ] Code is commented

#### To Add
- [ ] Different Priviledges for admins and users for Tickets


## Nisarg Chauhan

### Job Posting
- [x] Admins can create a job post
- [x] Admins can read a job post
- [x] Admins can update a job post
- [x] Admins can delete a job post
- [ ] Department ID as foreign key
- [ ] Style the page

### Department
- [x] Admins can create a department
- [x] Admins can read department details
- [x] Admins can update department details
- [x] Admins can delete a department
- [ ] Style the page

## Steven Le

### Review Feature
- [x] User can see reviews
- [x] User can create a review
- [x] User can update review
- [x] User can delete a review
- [ ] Styling

To do:
- [] Change permissions so that only admin can delete a review
